=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::PlackMiddleware - Plack::Middleware inside Mojolicious

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # Mojolicious
    
    sub startup {
        
        my $self = shift;
        
        $self->plugin(plack_middleware => [
            'MyMiddleware1', 
            'MyMiddleware2', {arg1 => 'some_vale'},
            'MyMiddleware3', sub {$condition}, 
            'MyMiddleware4', sub {$condition}, {arg1 => 'some_vale'}
        ]);
    }
    
    # Mojolicious::Lite
    
    plugin plack_middleware => [
        'MyMiddleware1', 
        'MyMiddleware2', {arg1 => 'some_vale'},
        'MyMiddleware3', sub {$condition}, 
        'MyMiddleware4', sub {$condition}, {arg1 => 'some_vale'}
    ];
    
    package Plack::Middleware::MyMiddleware1;
    use strict;
    use warnings;
    use base qw( Plack::Middleware );
    
    sub call {
        my($self, $env) = @_;
        # pre-processing $env
        my $res = $self->app->($env);
        # post-processing $res
        return $res;
    }
  
=head1 DESCRIPTION

Mojolicious::Plugin::PlackMiddleware allows you to enable Plack::Middleware
inside Mojolicious by wrapping on_proccess so that the portability of your app
covers pre/post process too.

It also aimed at those who used to Mojolicious bundle servers.
Note that if you can run your application on a plack server, there is proper
ways to use middlewares. See L<http://blog.kraih.com/mojolicious-and-plack>.

=head2 OPTIONS

This plugin takes an argument in Array reference which contains some
middlewares. Each middleware can be followed by callback function for
conditional activation, and attributes for middleware.

    my $condition = sub {
        my $c = shift; # Mojolicious controller
        if (...) {
            return 1; # causes the middleware hooked
        }
    };
    plugin plack_middleware => [
        Plack::Middleware::MyMiddleware, $condition, {arg1 => 'some_vale'},
    ];

=head1 METHODS

=head2 register

$plugin->register;

Register plugin hooks in L<Mojolicious> application.

=head2 mojo_req_to_psgi_env

This is a utility method. This is for internal use.

    my $plack_env = mojo_req_to_psgi_env($mojo_req)

=head2 psgi_res_to_mojo_res

This is a utility method. This is for internal use.

    my $mojo_res = psgi_res_to_mojo_res($psgi_res)

=head2 mojo_res_to_psgi_res

This is a utility method. This is for internal use.

    my $psgi_res = mojo_res_to_psgi_res($mojo_res)

=head1 Example1

    $self->plugin(plack_middleware => [
        'Auth::Basic' => sub {shift->req->url =~ qr{^/?path1/}}, {
            authenticator => sub {
                my ($user, $pass) = @_;
                return $user eq 'user1' && $pass eq 'pass';
            }
        },
        'Auth::Basic' => sub {shift->req->url =~ qr{^/?path2/}}, {
            authenticator => sub {
                my ($user, $pass) = @_;
                return $user eq 'user2' && $pass eq 'pass2';
            }
        },
    ]);

=head1 AUTHOR

Sugama Keita, E<lt>sugama@jamadam.comE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2011 by Sugama Keita.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
